Marshall Berkman

Marshall L. Berkman, the
chairman and chief executive of
the Ampco-Pittsburgh Corp., a
manufacturing company that
specializes in metals and hard-
ware, died on Thursday in the
USAir plane crash. He was 57
and lived in Pittsburgh.

The Berkman family is the
largest shareholder’ of Ampco-
Pittsburgh, a publicly traded
company with 950 employees,
Berkman succeeded his father,
Louis, as chairman and chief ex-
ecutive in 1979.

Marshall Berkman was born in
Steubenville, Ohio, in 1936 and
graduated from Harvard College
in 1958. He also attended Har-
vard Business School and Hay
vard Law School.

In 1963, he went to work in
Cincinnati for another company
owned by his family, the Rust
Craft Greeting Card company. In
1965 he moved to Rust Craft's
headquarters in Dedham, Mass.,
and when that company was sold
in 1979, he took over Ampco-
Pittsburgh.

Friends said Berkman was re-
turning on USAir Flight 427 from
a Chicago business trip with
Ronald L. Cale, Ampco’s tax
manager.
