Sterling prexy buried

Ezra J. Denerstein, 73,
president and director of
Sterling Bancorp, was bur-
ied yesterday after a service
at Temple Emanu-El.

Denerstein, who died Sat-
urday in New York Hospital
of a brain aneurysm, had
spent his entire financial
career with Sterling. He
joined its predecessor,
Standard Financial, in 1941.
Last October, he celebrated
his 50th anniversary with
the company.

He was also vice chair-

2 j of Sterling

Co. of New York, Sterling
Bancorp’s principal busi-
ness.

Most recently, Denerstein
was involved in establishing
a $10 million line of credit
for the Daily News.

A native New Yorker,
Denerstein attended public
schools and was a graduate
of City College. He was a
founder of the Albert Ein-
stein College of Medicine, a
trustee of the Jewish Associ-
ation for Service to the
Aged and an active partici-
pant in major fund-raising

and “trust “for the “Anti-Déega Siatime &

League of B’nai B'rith.

Among the many organi-
zations of which Denerstein
was a member were the
Harmonie Club, the City
Athletic Club, the Manhat-
tan Guild, the New York
Friars Club and the Palm
Beach Country Club.

He is survived by his wife,
Rita; four daughters, June
Silver, Susan Amster, Loret-
ta Friedman and Susan Si-
mon; a son, Matthew Polsky;
a sister, Minnie Schwartz,
gnd nine grandehildrem=-9 °

